That's right, it must be Zhao Ruolan hooking up with the rich
Make it comfortable to serve the rich
Let the rich man arrange a luxury car to send him back to pretend
You guys are so funny
Just one news
Can you believe his nonsense with just one photo?
Do you understand this billion-dollar newspaper?
Didn't even look
Just say I carve something when I play
You signed a confession and you argued
That's not a confession at all
It was me who re-signed with the horse
Photos of the image spokesperson
He also arranged the fleet outside
Wait for the richest man Ma to finish his sponsorship
I will come to Zhaojiacun to visit my father in person
Quickly go to Zhaojiacun
But Ma Shoufu, you have a meeting tonight
Just cancel a meeting
Compared with Zhao Ruolan, it is not worth mentioning
Hurry up, the provincial leaders are gone
Could it be that I never miss him?
Zhao Ruolan did not disappoint me